== README

This small and silly app is the first thing I've ever created in Ruby on Rails. It's part of the set of projects I'm working on to get up to speed on Rails, and development in general, as I work my way toward becoming a full-time programmer.

=== SCOPE

The Hot or Not app is the super old-school version of Tinder and today's mobile dating apps. As this was my first time actually building an app from scratch, I wanted to accomplish the following:

* Get the damned thing running
* Get a grasp of how MVC in Rails works
* Understand and create proper migrations
* Understand routes and how to create methods that do *actual* things in controllers
* Create a relatively appealing front-end using ERB files

The only real addition that was added was Bootstrap, because it does a fantastic job with layouts right out of the box. Oh, and a set of 25 users from http://randomuser.me, so useful.

=== STILL TO DO

I got practically everything working, at least on my development build, but I'd like to get the following done still:

* Admin-only maintenance of people in the system
* Ability to select which genders appear
* Have system remember who you already have seen and rated
* Understand tests and write some (this is so vague...)

But that's for another day!

=== DEPENDENCIES

The only one that gave me trouble was PostgreSQL. Please be prepared for PostgreSQL.

=== DEPLOY INSTRUCTIONS

You know the drill:

    bundle install
    rake db:migrate
    rake db:seed
    rails server

Well... I think that's what it takes...

=== DEMO

You can find a working demo here: https://salty-caverns-2499.herokuapp.com/

Please be kind to those faces that I don't know.